---
layout: post
title:  "Day 2"
date:   2020-01-15
excerpt: "Three Rules"
image: /images/matriarchPic.png
tag:
- Maywood's Diary
- writings 
---

## Day 2

There are some notable residents in the town. It's been tough to keep track of names, but some are easier to keep track of than others.

Onara and Hent are the ones who invited me out here. They're a married old couple who run the inn, and the rest of the town. I spent most of the day with them, going over expectations and everything for me living here.

The main gist:
	1) Maintain the house and keep the pathways clear around the west side of town
	2) Provide wood and labor for ongoing construction projects
	3) Attend all meetings

Ranked by order of importance. The first one is the easiest, given that I have to live here. It's most of why Onara wanted someone living here. Apparently the house belonged to her son, who left to join the Stone Archers a long time ago. They're busy with their own affairs and don't want the place to go to waste, so they're handing it off to young blood… me. I feel a bit like I’m being roped into this new town, but I suppose that's fine.

I didn't directly talk with anyone else, since Onara had me running around for most of the day signing papers or looking at her town. I saw a guy lounging on his porch for most of the day, looked like he was missing an arm. Didn't say anything, but watched us as Onara escorted me around.

Probably the most important person Onara skipped over was Periakka. Apparently she's the Baywolf that hangs around this area. Onara didn't completely dismiss her, but she was pretty scarce on the details. Once I brought up that I thought I saw a Baywolf around here, she confirmed that there was one that lived on the opposite side of the river. I haven't crossed over yet to investigate, but it looks like there's an opening in the reeds where she's passed through several times.

Spent most of my evening starting to chop up the firewood the town gave me to start with. Haven't done this in a while, started to get blisters on my hands. I didn't fish from the river since the Baywolf might be hanging around, but I'm running out of rations. I'll either need to talk to the traders on the east side of town to get some supplies, or I'll talk to Periakka.

Onara gave me some basic supplies for the house, apologizing about the lack of bedding. No food, but at least I have a mattress now. No sleeping on grass pillows tonight.

Actually, it appears as though she forgot the pillow. That's fine, at least she left a good comforter. I can sleep on top of it and use my grass pillow again.
